Would ICT unicorn model pass an
institutional validation? I encoded this
ICT model into a trading strategy which
automatically identifies breaker blocks
overlapping with a fair value gap. As
the price retests this zone, we either
open a short or a long position based if
we are in the presence of either bearish
or bullish fair value gap and breaker
blocks. I applied this strategy on over
10 years of NQ data using a reward to
risk ratio of two. And these are the
results trading one NQ contract. A net
profit of 41,000 over 10 years, a sloppy
equity curve, and a low average trade
profit of $13, which after commissions
and slippage would result in a loss.
Running our shuffling Monte Carlo, we
can clearly see that the strategy is
highly sequence dependent. And
bootstrapping 20,000 equity curves, we
get an expected value per trade of $9
with a confidence level between minus 44
and plus $62 per trade. No, the ICT
unicorn model wouldn't pass an
institutional validation. And this is
not to attack or put shame on you
because you use ICT. It is just to show
you how valuable is how to test any
strategy before trading it live,
discovering if it works or not without
losing any money.